Life is a wonderful gift that Jehovah gives us, and Jehovah wants us to use this gift by cherishing our good health.
However, we live in critical and difficult times.
We are not immune from challenges medical otherwise, that everybody in this world faces.
Therefore, we need to be prepared for a medical situation.
As we make our personal decisions on health-related matters, we must do so well in advance.
Three provisions can help us.
A completed durable power of attorney, DPA or the identity card, medical information documents, and the hospital liaison committee.
Even though I am young and healthy, I know that accidents can happen in my everyday life.
When we prepare the DPA in advance, we are planning to be successful when we face medical situations.
Some time ago, I had a bicycle accident and I broke my collarbone.
The HLC confirmed that the hospital I was taken to is cooperative and that my conscience and decisions would be taken into account.
That was very helpful and reassuring in that difficult situation.
Medical situations are not always emergencies.
Sometimes we have planned procedures or scheduled therapy like chemotherapy.
There are also joyful occasions like pregnancy and the birth of a baby.
The S407 is information for patients requiring surgery or chemotherapy.
This document, the S407, allows us to understand which doctors are involved in the therapy for our condition.
Based on the information contained in the S407, I was able to find out what questions to ask the doctor before surgery.
Also, I was able to mentally prepare for the surgery and was assured that my wishes would be honored.
The information for expectant mothers, the S401, is a particularly useful document especially for new mothers who are experiencing this journey for the first time.
They can go over it. No exactly what they should do with regard to prenatal visits and then be more confident.
Where we live, pregnancy is viewed by people as something that we need to keep to ourselves.
Many are scared that something bad may happen to the pregnancy if they tell others.
A birth is an extraordinarily happy event. It is a blessing from Jehovah.
But even in these circumstances, there can be unseen difficulties or complications.
When I found out that I was pregnant, I was anxious and scared because this was my first time being pregnant.
And I didn't know what might happen to me or to my child.
The S401 document let me know that I could contact the HLC and reach out to them for help.
The HLC brothers helped us find a doctor.
The publishers should reach out to the HLC even if it seems that it's not going to be a blood issue.
Because when the HLC is involved, then we can help the publishers find competent doctors who would respect their decisions and wishes.
There is no reason to hesitate to reach out.
The HLC is very happy to receive calls from brothers who need assistance.
We are prepared to help and Jehovah has trained us to do this job and to do it well.
As members of the Hospital Liaison Committee, we cannot make decisions for our brothers and sisters.
The realm of decision-making for medical care is under the principle at the latest chapter 6.5 that everyone must carry their own load.
Jehovah helps us by providing the HLC as a support so that we can better carry that load.
The Hospital Liaison Committee brothers are truly reliable.
These loving brothers do not take our illnesses lightly and they are always careful to maintain confidentiality regarding the situation we are going through.
Some brothers have encountered circumstances that have profoundly affected their lives that can be challenging or even burdensome.
However, many of them, thanks to the fact that they followed Jehovah's arrangements and took them to heart, reacted wisely to the direction and were prepared.
The secret to their success has been that they have taken Jehovah's provisions to heart during such difficult times.
They had their completed DPA or their identity card, they had previously carefully read their medical information documents, and they had gone in touch with the HLC.
Being well prepared, they handled their medical situation in a way that made Jehovah's heart rejoice.